# CS320
Repository created for Module 8 of CS-320
For this course, you will be submitting one portion of each project to the GitHub repository for your portfolio. From Project One, submit the contact service files (Contact.java, ContactService.java, ContactTest.java, ContactServiceTest.java). From Project Two, submit the summary and reflections report. Together, these files showcase your work in software testing, automation, and quality assurance. These files also demonstrate your ability to create unit tests using code to uncover errors, analyze various approaches to software testing based on requirements, and apply appropriate testing strategies to meet requirements.

You will also reflect on the work that you have done in these projects. Reflecting is a valuable skill to cement your learning. It also will help add context to refresh your memory when you use your portfolio in the future. Update the README file in your repository and include your answers to each of the questions below. You could include the questions and write a few sentences in response to each one, or you could write a paragraph or two, weaving together all of your answers.

How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
The ways I ensure my code is working has changed drastically by taking this course. Before I would go through countless runs and reruns of the code in order to ensure the code is satisfactory. After taking this course, not only did I learn that utilizing Unit Tests is extremely beneficial, it is also easier than only running code and doing debug reports. The test cases allowed me to test each individual class and the methods and functions directly in each of the classes. Now I am able to specifically address each case for all of the functions instead of individually with one specific thing at a time.
How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
With classes at SNHU, it is pretty easy to determine the user needs because of the rubrics. However, I have learned here that user needs are incorporated into modern development lifecycles. It is imperative that user needs be prioritized based on things such as asset allocation, customer preference, and difficulty. In my case, this is exactly how I do this, and weigh complexity of the request with the resources and time I have in order to commit to the project.
How do I approach designing software?
In designing software, first I read the requirements of the assignment. Then I start to plan by either hand drawing or making simple diagrams on how each of the classes will and should interact. Then I start by creating the variables required and then I create the base of the class. Once I get the base, I start to make the setter and getter methods of the class functions. After that, I tend to incorporate more requirements of the assignment into the class and create additional classes as needed. A new addition to my method comes from this class and I work on the unit test. This allows me to test the methods with different requirements. Finally, I run the unit test and troubleshoot the code based on the pass/fail scenarios. Once the code is finished and passes all tests, I run the code one final time to ensure it is able to run as intended.
